welcome back to fab co-heir now this
video covers fab codes slides and rotary
actuators let's start at the top with
their introductory slide or LNS series
now it incorporates a non repairable
cylinder a composite bearing and 303
hard chrome plated stainless guide
shafting and a misalignment coupler you
know once you go on to the next step
you're going up to the SE series with a
precision slide which is right here
yeah the SI series and the ez series use
a recirculating ball bearing and they
have optional composite bearings you
have two to three tenths preload on that
and virtually no play now what's the
difference between that in the ez series
what are you stepping up to it se has a
short bearing block and the EZ puts the
marry on each end so the longer the
stroke the lighter the bearings bed okay
that way you use that for an x and y
axis and then SE is good for a z axis or
short stroke X&Y okay so once you get
beyond the eighth another step up you've
got or a different step you have with
the slides is this wind shaft
twin shaft was designed to get you out
of trouble it takes up no more space
than NFP a cylinder and it's got guide
shafts starting a quarter inch going up
to one inch so the four inch bore TF has
to one inch guide chest now the other
thing I like it's kind of a cool slide
is the magnetically coupled one now this
is pretty neat because you can get a lot
of travel and a lot of power with that
travel yeah some it's another form of a
Robles cylinder so you're coupled to the
piston inside that cylinder tube and you
can get just a regular cylinder you get
a cylinder that has a rail for the
piston position sensing and then you
have an actual slide of course you can
get Pistons entry position sensing there
too okay then you've got the twin bores
twin bores FD XS has a precision
recirculating ball bearing or a sleeve
bearing the FDF you can only get the
sleeve bearing in it okay they're
they're twin bore is good for a lot of
power in a low profile package of course
we have a single bore that you can get
it's our FGM
you can get the recirculating ball or
you get the sleeve bearing and we have
our global block which gives you
mounting on the side mounting on the
bottom dowel holes on all mounting
services and the cool thing about this
is the longer the stroke the wider the
bearing spread okay so you're not going
to get a situation where you're going to
wear out these slides no no and the
longer the stroke you got a sport here
and here on your on your guy chap you
know and we go into another precision
rail bearing slide these are fdh and we
have that's a single bore and the FD XS
FG XS FG XS is a twin board starts at 6
millimeter bore and goes up to 25 bore
fdh is a single bore and it goes up to
24 so that covers the slides now I think
it's time to talk about the rotary
actuators that fab has to offer yeah a
lot of people need to have precision
guiding with slides the same thing with
the rotary actuator you've got ball
bearings in this FRC unit and you can
mount to the top table it's really a
nice unit for somebody that wants a less
expensive unit they can go to the fr a
it's a rack and pinion I
it's got sleeve bearings in it and it's
just lower cost
we got another way to solve your rotary
actuators is a vein rotary actuator now
this is an interchangeable unit
definitely compact like our pancake and
you can get a lot of power out of a
short package well Scott thanks for all
the info on not only the products here
the slides already actuators but all the
products we've discussed today if you
want to learn more about anything to do
with fab co-heir go to their website WWF
a boa or calm or pick up the phone give
them a phone call and check out one of
their catalogs because this is just a
brief overview believe it or not of all
the products they have to offer
you